my name is Jeff and Rob you don't know
me I'm Steve's brother
now the brother-in-law to the beautiful
at their Peterson story well be my
brother
that shows how I know that this marriage
is perfect me and Steve go way back
me and Steve didn't always get along
with your young um I have proof you know
you think in point such a nice good I'm
pretty sure he hated me in this letter
he wrote to my parents I was about five
or six in which the show room and you
want to be kicked out of his room at his
birthday
a little bit here homina this is an
essay about my room and reading wider
than my older lisa has her own room so
I'm getting older and three by Shannon
is a birthday from or getting older and
when Mark or someone comes over they
step on Gus boy how does he had better
hear what he doesn't sleep in here
especially not what I'm changing up on
my room and always painful boys I want
nothing else for my birthday from what
is
you're the age difference to six years
old that means maybe that time we didn't
get along so well when I was about 13
years old I mean Steve started to come
friends not because we had to because
we're brothers but why do I could be
happier growing up with my best friend
the same house man when I was about 17
years old I heard what was super love
interest I see this feather girl RFC's
oiled this girl whatever and a couple
months go by I'm still geared about her
you know I was getting pretty serious
Facebook official and everything I think
it's a chance to meet this other girl
before I meet her I'm thinking yeah for
like same personalities Steve and
everything when I meet her I find out
she's not that just gives us more laid
back kind of guy and how there's this
outgoing dancer so I did another and
everything goes well years go by I get
to know her a lot better I'm thinking
myself how could it work so well when
you have different kind of personalities
but I had me yeah they have different
type of personalities but when together
they completely to us and the reason I
tell you the story about being my bro is
because ever since I was born I've known
Steve axiom grow up and that's pointed I
can honestly say for a lot of people in
the audience a same thing I've never
seen Steve happier than when he's with
you other so congratulations you two
welcome to the family Heather I made a
quick two-minute presentation for you
kind of welcome to the family she was
what you got yourself into I'm just
going to need a little bit for setup